♪ It's been so long ♪
♪ Since I left you ♪
♪ But I was in jail
wit my nephew ♪
♪ I needed that bail
so I kept you ♪
♪ I bet you
thought I let you ♪
♪ Take my name,
my game ♪
♪ And make that
money my thang ♪
♪ You got to
understand ♪
♪ That Frylock
is the man ♪
♪ Aqua Teen Hunger Force ♪
♪ Schooly D,
we back of course ♪
♪ Aqua Teen Hunger Force ♪
♪ Schooly D,
we back of course ♪
♪ Aqua Teen Hunger Force ♪
♪ Schooly D,
we back of course ♪
Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Good bye, Carl.
Goodbye
forever.
Truly they were...
an
Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
You're emergency
brake is on!
Don't tell me how
to drive, jackass.
There it is!
Ha, ha, jack pot.
We're here!
Say hello to
your new home, boys!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what are you doing?
You need a jump start or
something to get outta here?
No man,
we're renting over here now.
Yeah, cuts down on
our commute time
to your house.
Cool, huh?
No, uh, no.
Hey look at this guy.
Think I'd better
go introduce myself.
Hello neighbor!
- My name's Master Shake.
-Okay, alright.
Could swear, I've seen
you somewhere before.
- Great house you got here.
- Real funny, there.
I love the bushes.
So, what do you
do around here?
No, no, where' not
playing that game.
What game?
I don't play games.
- Ok, fine.
- What do you do?
Maybe we can network.
No, as you well know...
I work outta the home!
Aahhh!
Oooh, my bad hip!
Oh, sorry
about that man.
I thought I saw
a mosquito on
your shoulder.
I have to go
in and relax.
I don't do well
on long drives...
Shake,
don't run off.
I'm not running off.
I got medical problems.
You better get back
here and help us
unload this van.
Fine.
Open the back.
There,
are we done?
Where the "f" is
my flamethrower?
Oh that, uh,
probably got lost in the
move.
Well that's
a quick response.
Maybe you hid
my flamethrower
because I make
poor choices with it.
My jam box!
Yeah, this is my jam.
Now come, now.
Yeah...
Why ain't you
dancin', Shake?
Dancing is forbidden!
Dancing has always been
forbidden!
Come on, you guys,
we're in a new house now
and we're
starting fresh.
You two need
to learn how to
share and be nice.
But he's
the one dancing.
I ain't
bothering you.
I'm just getting
my groove on, man.
Shake,
he's not bothering you.
Uh-huh.
And plus,
his radio hurt my foot.
You're almost
40 years old, Shake.
You're supposed to be
more mature than this, man.
Well, I'm going
through a phase
right now.
Plus...
he is 38.
He doesn't
know any better.
He's never gonna know any better,
and you know that.
I'd be
38 in July
and I wanna have a
big birthday party
with piñata
and balloons
and Ben 10
Whoops.
Oh!
He pushed me!
No parking on
the dance floor.
Did you see that?!
I didn't see
no parking space!
Both of you go
to your room!
I guess I'll just
move all this
shit by myself.
Up top!
Yeah boy!
I hate work!
As do I.
As do I, too.
You went off
script a little,
but I liked
that ad-lib.
- What, the push?
- Nice touch.
Soon as it gets violent,
it's a game change
Oh, yeah.
You gotta
defuse it.
It played off
my stunt pretty well.
That said, tomorrow we're
gonna have to really stick
close to the script.
Hey talking
about building a
garden.
- I ain't doing that.
- Me neither.
No way, no how.
I mean, I'll
eat the stuff but
I ain't
workin' in it.
I ain't eatin
it unless he's
growing some chicken
nuggets out there.
Who's room is
this gonna be?
I don't know...
Wait it's
It's my room!
No it's my room!
I called it!
Yeah, you're right.
This is your room.
That's right it is.
I'm putting up
my "Whitesnake in
the Still of
the Night" poster
right here.
And over here I'm puttin'
up a sign that says,
"No Girls Allowed".
What's this right here?
Is this a
drinking fountain?
Yeah, it's a
drinking fountain!
Right!
Take a drink outta there.
No dummy.
It's a sponge bath.
You dip your
hands in here,
splash a little
water on your face,
catch the pits,
then you
sponge off.
Someone left
a big long brown sponge
in there.
I had that sponge
included in the
house buying contract.
What this lever do?
Hey,
that my sponge!
I'll get
you another one.
Hey, I think I feel
a sponge coming on.
Hold on, Meatwad. Careful...
I think my sponge
bath is a window
To another dimension.
That's a good assumption.
We gotta find out for sure.
Someone's gotta go in there.
Pull the lever.
Engage.
Portal open!
I'm trapped!
Between
two dimensions.
Your molecules
are too big!
The portal won't hold!
Increase the force!
I suggest we never go to
that dimension again
'cause it's boring and
stinky.
No one touches
the sponge
bath from now on.
You're just
jealous because
we can do science
stuff too and
we didn't
have to get a
stupid degree online.
It comes
naturally to us.
Yeah, okay, just help me
roll this into the
garage.
Why don't
you help me suck it.
Wait a minute, that
backfired.
See, that sounded like
I suck it all the time.
Which I don't.
Also implies
that I would need
help which we both
know that I don't.
I can suck
my own stuff.
Listen,
when I'm on, it's
dangerous.
Me and this cart
been through
a lot together.
I got me some
fond memories.
This ain't no vacation.
Keep goin'
the way you goin'.
Oh, yeah...
Keep goin'... brilliant.
Where is this farm?
There is no way
I'm head in this state!
I ain't got
no fond memories.
Back to hell from
whence you came!
Hey... where did
you get a gun?
From my teacher.
Yeah, they
give 'em out now.
You need
some help there?
Yeah, I've got
about 60 boxes
out here...
Erosion... the
plodding enemy... like
Frankenstein
it attacks our
shores...
Never mind.
I got it...
This is
educational!
When are we
hooking up the
boob channels?
Oh, wow. Check this out...
Remember these?
We was detectives...
For like a week.
Feels like a lifetime
ago, don't it?
You know, I could have
been a really good
detective.
Ooh,
who farted?
Not me.
Dang.
You a good detective.
Yeah, I was good,
wasn't I?
Yeah, you was.
Well, I tell you what
I'll keep one.
Just to remember
that time in my
life, alright.
Dammit, Shake!
Aqua Teen Hunger Force...
Assemble!
Check out how I
did up my new room.
Radicalized!
And this is a
framed poster of
Monet because
there's a
sensitive side
of me, too.
Bitches are gonna be
drippy wet when they
see his famous
lilies stuff.
And...
Hello...
I'm introspective too.
That's what this
mirror is for.
Introspecting
my throbbing
pythons and
enormous genitals.
The word you're looking for,
gentlemen, is incredible.
Hey, Shake... Can you help me?
I need to slide
this Jacuzzi
over in front
of the salad bar
so the stallions
won't get at it.
What do you mean,
stallions?
Arabian.
That's what
come with my room.
I don't see my
egg roll noodles?
I see
garlic croutons but I
don't see no
egg roll noodles.
And that pisses me off.
Shake power activate!
Activate Shake power!
Come on!
Hey, hey, chill out!
That's a 60 thousand dollar
rug you spittin' up on.
What flavor is that?
It's the flavor of
"none of your damn business."
How did you get this room?
I guess I was left with it
since you called the bathroom.
Well, I call
this room now.
You can't do that.
L just did.
Shake, he
called it first.
Fine...
I guess we'll just have to
paper, rock, scissors
for it.
It's the only fair way.
No it isn't.
He called it.
I called it.
I understand your
position but,
I'm afraid
this is the best
compromise
I can offer.
Fine.
Let's do it.
Meatwad, you
ain't gotta do this.
No no, we're gonna do this.
He can speak
for himself.
1-2-3.
Paper, covers rock.
This is my room.
The end.
No!
Best of three. 1-2-3.
Oh, he got you again.
Oh, damn,
rock crushes scissors.
I call this room.
Oh yeah?
Well bullet
enters brain!
Hey, where are you goin'?
This is fun.
Let's go best of 5.
1-2-3...
Well,
what the hell is that?
This is a hurricane.
And hurricane smashes beach
condo complex.
No, that's
not what this is.
This is a
time-share that is
more towards town.
Hurricane beats
all housing
or apartments.
And this
sucker is cat 6.
It hit the beach,
moved inland
and destroyed
your town.
Dammit..
How did you know
I was going to
pull a
beach condo complex?
'Cause you're predictable.
Fine. You win.
The bathroom is yours.
We were doing
that for the bathroom.
Shake,
you need to learn how
to play fair.
You don't get
anywhere in life
by cheating.
You haven't
gotten anywhere
in life either.
So what
does that say?
Take it back,
you stinkin' butt hole.
Wait, what are you doing?
Fill it with spiders.
No!
See, now I'm playing fair,
Shake!
Look-
I'm getting ahead in life!
No no! Hey guys, I found my spiders.
Rabbot!
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
Saturday...
What's this?
It's a bottle
of Pinot Grig.
It's a
card here too.
Welcome to
the neighborhood.
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday,
Saturday.
What a wonderful gesture...
Oh!
Oh, whoa...
That's a bad gesture.
I don't understand
a damn thang ya'll doin'.
I know you
guys aren't, but
I'm actually
kinda glad he came
along.
I was about
to black out.
When it's gonna
magically form
back into a house
again?
Yeah, you remember that
place we use to live?
It used to do
that all the time.
I keep waiting.
It ain't happening.
Where the hell
we gonna live?
Alright!
Check it out, ya'll.
Our new home!
Someday we'll
have children that
will veg right in front of
the TV just like us,
and they will
work a job to
bring home money
so that I may
live in a style to
which I
am accustomed!
Meatwad, fetch the
fertility drugs.
Looks like the
Aqua Teens are
back in the house!
And Schooly D
is back on the
mic!
♪ It's been so long ♪
♪ Since I left you ♪
♪ But I was in jail
wit my nephew ♪
♪ I needed that bail
so I kept you ♪
♪ I bet you
thought I let you ♪
♪ Take my name,
my game ♪
♪ And make that
money my thang ♪
♪ You got to
understand ♪
♪ That Frylock
is the man ♪
♪ Yes, yes ya'll.
To the beat ya'll... ♪
II got a call from Vishal... ♪
♪ I was standing in my kitchen
Said he had a mission ♪
♪ They needed some
new transitions ♪
♪ Aqua Teen Hunger Force ♪
♪ Schooly D,
I'm back of course ♪